VSO CSI driver documentation (#691)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/docs/deploy/kubernetes/vso/helm.mdx

  - `replicas` ((#v-controller-replicas)) (`integer: 1`) - Set the number of replicas for the operator.

>   - `priorityClassName` ((#v-controller-priorityclassname)) (`string: ""`) - Set the priority class for the operator.

Author: `priorityClassName`, `topologySpreadConstraints`, and `podDisruptionBudget` are not part of this work, but they got auto-generated along with the rest of this because it looks like docs generation got missed last time.

Author: The Helm docs are generated by the `make gen-helm-docs` command in the [vault-secrets-operator](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator) repo. (Well, this particular iteration is from a private fork of that repo, but that's typically where the generation is done.)

Is the Education team typically added as a codeowner for field descriptions in the main Vault repo, like wherever the Vault CLI help text lives, for example? I would say this is similar to that -- the text lives with the code itself, but we have a helper script that spits it out in this format.

      - `pullPolicy` ((#v-csi-driver-image-pullpolicy)) (`string: IfNotPresent`)

      - `repository` ((#v-csi-driver-image-repository)) (`string: hashicorp/vault-secrets-operator-csi`)

      - `tag` ((#v-csi-driver-image-tag)) (`string: 0.0.0-dev`)

    - `extraEnv` ((#v-csi-driver-extraenv)) (`array<map>`) - Defines additional environment variables to be added to the
      CSI driver container.

    - `extraArgs` ((#v-csi-driver-extraargs)) (`array: []`) - Extra arguments to pass to the driver.

    - `logging` ((#v-csi-driver-logging)) - logging

      - `level` ((#v-csi-driver-logging-level)) (`string: info`) - Sets the log level for the driver.
        Builtin levels are: info, error, debug, debug-extended, trace
        Default: info

      - `timeEncoding` ((#v-csi-driver-logging-timeencoding)) (`string: rfc3339`) - Sets the time encoding for the driver.
        Options are: epoch, millis, nano, iso8601, rfc3339, rfc3339nano
        Default: rfc3339

      - `stacktraceLevel` ((#v-csi-driver-logging-stacktracelevel)) (`string: panic`) - Sets the stacktrace level for the driver.
        Options are: info, error, panic
        Default: panic

>     - `backoffOnSecretSourceError` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror)) (`object: ""`) - Backoff settings for the CSI driver. These settings control the backoff behavior
>       when the driver encounters an error while fetching secrets from the SecretSource.
>       For example given the following settings:
>         initialInterval: 5s
>         maxInterval: 60s
>         randomizationFactor: 0.5
>         multiplier: 1.5
> 
>       The backoff retry sequence might be something like:
>        5.5s, 7.5s, 11.25s, 16.87s, 25.3125s, 37.96s, 56.95, 60.95s...

Reviewer: ````suggestion
    - `backoffOnSecretSourceError` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror))
      (`object: ""`) - YAML object describing backoff behavior for the CSI driver
      when the  driver encounters an error fetching secrets from `SecretSource`.
      For example, the following configuration creates a backoff retry sequence
      like 5.5s, 7.5s, 11.25s, 16.87s, 25.3125s, 37.96s, 56.95, 60.95s, etc.:
      ```yaml
      "initialInterval": 5s
      "maxInterval": 60s
      "randomizationFactor": 0.5
      "multiplier": 1.5
      ```
````

      - `initialInterval` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror-initialinterval)) (`duration: 5s`) - Initial interval between retries.

      - `maxInterval` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror-maxinterval)) (`duration: 60s`) - Maximum interval between retries.

>       - `maxElapsedTime` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror-maxelapsedtime)) (`duration: 0s`) - Maximum elapsed time without a successful sync from the secret's source.
>         It's important to note that setting this option to anything other than
>         its default will result in the secret sync no longer being retried after
>         reaching the max elapsed time.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
      - `maxElapsedTime` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror-maxelapsedtime))
        (`duration: 0s`) - Maximum elapsed time without a successful sync from
        the secret source. Setting an explicit `maxElapsedTime` tells VSO not to
        retry the secret sync once it reaches the max elapsed time.
````

>       - `randomizationFactor` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror-randomizationfactor)) (`float: 0.5`) - Randomization factor randomizes the backoff interval between retries.
>         This helps to spread out the retries to avoid a thundering herd.
>         If the value is 0, then the backoff interval will not be randomized.
>         It is recommended to set this to a value that is greater than 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `randomizationFactor` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror-randomizationfactor))
        (`float: 0.5`) - Custom factor used to randomize the backoff interval
        between retries, spread out the retries, and avoid a thundering herd.
        We strongly recommend using a randomization factor, but you can set
        `randomizationFactor` to `0` to disable randomization
```

>       - `multiplier` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror-multiplier)) (`float: 1.5`) - Sets the multiplier that is used to increase the backoff interval between retries.
>         This value should always be set to a value greater than 0.
>         The value must be greater than zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `multiplier` ((#v-csi-driver-backoffonsecretsourceerror-multiplier))
        (`float: 1.5`) - Sets a multiplier used to increase the backoff
        interval between retries. You cannot set `multiplier` a value less than
        or equal to `0`.
```

  - `livenessProbe` ((#v-csi-livenessprobe))

>     - `image` ((#v-csi-livenessprobe-image)) - Image sets the repo and tag of the image to use for the liveness probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `image` ((#v-csi-livenessprobe-image)) - The repo and tag of the image to
      use for the liveness probe.
```
